

POLITICS
Mark Cuban Just Trolled Trump At The All-Star Game In The Best Way Possible

BY GRANT STERN

PUBLISHED ON FEBRUARY 18, 2017
5.4K
0
SHARE THIS STORY


The National Basketball Association has declared itself the progressive champion of America’s high-profile professional sports leagues, and now politics are spilling onto the hardwood’s highest-profile stage.

Tonight, Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban threw some red meat at the liberal league’s NBA All-Star weekend Celebrity Game and trolled America’s delusional 45th President all over national TV.

Republican President Trump has been going bananas with his attacks on Mark Cuban after the New York Post called him the biggest threat to become America’s 46th President, who tweeted that “he’s not smart enough” to handle the job which the orange one is struggling to perform.


All Mark Cuban needed to respond perfectly to the Cyber Bully-in-Chief was one special basketball jersey with a two digit message that even a moron President could understand: 46.

View image on Twitter
View image on Twitter
 Follow
 Darren Rovell ✔ @darrenrovell
Mark Cuban called Donald Trump "Pinocchio." Tonight he's wearing a #46 jersey, which he joked was because it's "two times 23."
4:24 PM - 17 Feb 2017
  376 376 Retweets   1,236 1,236 likes
It caps a busy week for Cuban, who has been blasting away at Trump’s horrid incompetence all over Twitter this week according to ESPN:

“Trumps biggest issues are: No self-awareness, no situational awareness, can’t admit mistakes, no leadership skills, can’t stay focused,” and “No management skills, doesn’t read, doesn’t use tech and makes no effort to learn, only consumes analog media.”
The Shark Tank investor also called Trump “Pinocchio” in a biting on-court interview.

It’s uncertain if Donald Trump will understand the Disney-character reference, since that particular puppet doesn’t appear on Fox News often.

Mark Cuban’s media savvy and in-your-face attitude is precisely why the White House is really scared that the NBA owner will run for President in 2020. If Trump keeps attacking the billionaire entrepreneur, Cuban’s profile will be so high by the time primary season starts, he’ll become the prohibitive favorite.

Voters who thought the Trump Organization’s putrid business record gave The Donald the important skills need e to be our President will be thrilled to select Mark Cuban, who didn’t need his daddy’s help to become one of America’s most successful businessmen.

Maybe that’s why Mark Cuban looks so happy while being introduced in his epic Trump trolling jersey on ESPN tonight.

Take a look:


 Follow
 Patrick Schmidt ✔ @PatrickASchmidt
Mark Cuban is ready for the #NBA All-Star Celebrity Game
4:15 PM - 17 Feb 2017
  6 6 Retweets   16 16 likes
TAGS: STYLE

GRANT STERN
GRANT STERN IS A MORTGAGE BROKER, WRITER, COMMUNITY ACTIVIST AND RADIO PERSONALITY IN MIAMI, FLORIDA.



