

POLITICS
Dan Rather Just Destroyed Republicans For Enabling Trump In This Viral Post

BY COLIN TAYLOR

PUBLISHED ON FEBRUARY 18, 2017
0
SHARE THIS STORY


This week, we were treated to a terrifying glimpse into the future under Republican President Donald Trump. After a bizarre and unhinged press conference where the President openly attacked the media in a series of incoherent rants, Trump took to Twitter yesterday to declare our free press an “enemy of the American people.”

Such words are obviously reminiscent of the rhetoric of fascist dictators and have no place in our democracy. They are a flagrant rejection of the Constitution’s First Amendment that guarantees us free speech and free press and are a violation of the oath he swore on inauguration day.

But even louder is the deafening silence coming from the Republican Party, who spent the past eight years accusing President Obama of violating the Constitution at every turn but now have nothing to say as Trump openly tramples our founding principles under his tiny heels.


Legendary journalist Dan Rather took to Facebook today to express his frustration with the gallery of deplorable hypocrites and morally vacant frauds that currently control our government:

I have resisted commenting on President Trump’s outrageous attack on the press with his tweet calling the media “the enemy of the American people.” It is a sentiment that is a deep betrayal of our national history. The evidence to the contrary is so overwhelming that to choose any one example is to play into the alternate reality Mr. Trump is seeking to exploit for his cynical political purposes.

My message is not for he who will not listen. Instead I wish to address his enablers, specifically those in the Republican Party who by their silence on this travesty normalize a behaviour that is antithetical to our Constitutional principles. Future generations will not look kindly on profiles in cowardice.
And to my fellow journalists, I know you will not be bullied or intimidated. Keep doing your job. Your country depends on your service. Courage.
Perhaps even coward is too kind. Cowardice implies that it’s not their fault, that there is an inherent fearfulness within them that they cannot overcome.

This is a very deliberate decision and a choice that Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) and Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) have made. They have made it clear they are willing to piss on every value our nation holds dear and dance with Cheeto Hitler while the nation burns around them, all so that they can gut the social safety net and deprive twenty million Americans of affordable health insurance.

They have no excuse.

They can’t even hide behind the ersatz shield of the so-called “conservative values” they pretended to adhere to for so long and casually discarded at the drop of a hat.

They pilloried Hillary Clinton for mishandling classified information but now turn a blind eye to the pernicious stench of treason emanating from the Trump camp and are silent as he conducts classified national security discussions surrounded by South Florida millionaires.

They shut down the government and wasted $25 billion in taxpayer dollars over a fabricated “debt ceiling crisis” under President Obama but voted to raise it by ten trillion dollars as soon as Trump was in power.

They claim they need to repeal Obamacare and throw our health insurance to the predatory jackals of the “free market” but say nothing when Trump bullies companies for not doing what he wants and casually suggests provoking a trade war with Mexico because “they took our jobs!”

They cannot hide behind false ideology or empty patriotism any longer. They have sold out the American people and sold their souls to an orange devil, worshipping the unholy trinity of Celebrity Apprentice Ratings, inauguration crowd size, and electoral college victory margin.

We must make them pay for this betrayal.
TAGS: STYLE

COLIN TAYLOR
COLIN TAYLOR IS THE MANAGING EDITOR OF OCCUPY DEMOCRATS. HE GRADUATED FROM BENNINGTON COLLEGE WITH A BACHELOR'S DEGREE IN HISTORY AND POLITICAL SCIENCE. HE NOW FOCUSES ON ADVANCING THE CAUSE OF SOCIAL JUSTICE AND EQUALITY IN AMERICA.


Ads by Adblade

25 Photos Donald Trump Wishes Didn't Exist
detonate

Shocking new scandal could finally end Hillary's evil empire
Health Sciences Institute

How To Fix Aging Skin (Do This Every Day)
www.innerskinresearch.com

Warning: Don't Use Probiotics Before You See This
Gundry MD

Free Report Reveals 1 Food That Fights Dementia
The Unbreakable Brain

Melania Trump's IQ is Unnerving
OMG LANE

What Your Cable Company Doesn’t Want You to Know
The Daily Life

What Happens Next Is Horrifying And Heartbreaking
OtherBuzz

30 Extremely Amusing People of Walmart Photos That Will Make Your Day
OMG LANE

What do you think?

Related News


Audio From Trump’s Secret Golf Club Speeches Just Leaked, And It’s Disturbing

Mark Cuban Just Trolled Trump At The All-Star Game In The Best Way Possible

These Activists Just Unveiled A BRILLIANT Way To Protest The Dakota Pipeline

Reddit Is Photoshopping Tiny Versions Of Trump Into Official Pictures. The Results Are HILARIOUS

The Senate And House Just Filed A Bill To Expose ALL Of Trump’s Financial Interests

Robert Reich Just Got The Inside Scoop About Trump From An Ex-Republican Congressman
LIKE US ON FACEBOOK


Ads by Adblade

Flo From Progressive: Who She Really Is
Detonate

Melania Trump's IQ is Unnerving
OMG LANE

Did you know you can starve cancer cells to death with just one easy food swap?
Health Revelations

Warning: Don't Use Probiotics Before You See This
Gundry MD

Dr. Steven Gundry has developed a revolutionary new solution to fix skin problems.
Gundry MD

How To Fix Your Fatigue (Do This Once A Day)
Gundry MD

You Probably Forgot About Some of These Celebs That Passed Away in 2016
The Celeb Buzz

17 Actors Who Are Gay - No. 3 Will Shock Women
Mydotcomrade Celeb

What Happens Next Is Horrifying And Heartbreaking
OtherBuzz

30 Extremely Amusing People of Walmart Photos That Will Make Your Day
OMG LANE

How To Fix Aging Skin (Do This Every Day)
www.innerskinresearch.com

Mom Gives Birth to Quadruplets. Then, Doctors Look at Her Babies Faces And See it.
The Buzz Tube
HOME
ECONOMY
HUMAN RIGHTS
MEDIA
POLITICS
SPANISH VERSION


FOLLOW US ON


Occupy Democrats is a political organization and information website that provides a new counterbalance to the Republican Tea Party. Read more about us or contact us.

Copyright ©2017, Occupy Democrats. All Rights Reserved.